Document which transaction types Suggest Shopify Payments processes in transactions-and-payouts.md (#1091)
MicrosoftDocs/dynamics365smb-docs: business-central/shopify/transactions-and-payouts.md

The Merchant processes the imported Shopify transactions in the **Transactions** list. They apply filters, and then use the **Suggest Shopify Payments** action to transfer the transactions to the general journal. Alternatively, the Merchant can use the **Suggest Shopify Payments** action on the **Cash Receipt Journal** page.

> [!NOTE]

> > The **Suggest Shopify Payments** action only processes transactions of type **Capture**, **Sale**, and **Refund** with a status of **Success**. Transactions of type **Authorization** and **Void** are excluded regardless of any filters you apply. On the report request page, you can also turn on the **Include Order No. in Description** toggle to include the Shopify order number in journal line descriptions instead of the internal order ID. Enabling this option may decrease performance.

Reviewer: **Style (minor):** This NOTE combines two separate topics — (1) which transaction types are processed and (2) the request page toggle. Per Microsoft Style Guide, notes should be focused on a single topic. Consider splitting into a NOTE for the filtering behavior and a TIP for the optional toggle.

Also, "Enabling this option may decrease performance" could be more specific about *why*.

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The **Suggest Shopify Payments** action only processes transactions of type **Capture**, **Sale**, and **Refund** with a status of **Success**. Transactions of type **Authorization** and **Void** are always excluded, regardless of filters applied in the **Transactions** list.

> [!TIP]
> On the report request page, you can turn on the **Include Order No. in Description** toggle to use the Shopify order number in journal line descriptions instead of the internal order ID. Enabling this option might decrease performance because it requires extra lookups to resolve order numbers.
```
